### Solutions to the [assigment](https://f1tenth-coursekit.readthedocs.io/en/stable/assignments/labs/lab1.html)
1. CmakeList is a cross platform build system used for generating build files. It does not build the code but generates Makefile for the same. Later makefiles can be used to compile the projects.

2. CmakeList.txt is used in python as well in ROS to define message, service and action files. It is also used for installing scripts and for exporting modules so that other packages can import them. No executable object is created for a python node

3. catkin_make is run inside the workspace directory.

4. setup.bash files are used to define the environment variables. The first file is used to define the ROS environment variables and other ROS packages so that one can use the ROS commands. The second file is to define the environment variables of the custom package so that all the nodes and launch files are defined in the working environment and can be called.

5. Nodehandle object is used to start and stop the node object. It shuts down the node once it goes out of scope. We can have multiple node handles in a node which is useful to control the namespaces.

6. There is no Nodehandle object in python. Rospy.init_node() starts the node and registers with the ROS Master for further communications.

7. ros::spinOnce() when called processes the callback functions. If we want to process the incoming callback at a different rate then we can use this function. ros::Spin() is a substitute for the while loop until the node shuts down. It calls the ros::spinOnce() in every iteration.

8. ros::rate can be used to create an object with a frequency. By calling the sleep() method we can control the loop rate.

9. spin() does not control the callback in python as the callbacks are handled as different threads. spinOnce() does not exist in python.

10. The header file for the message is created when the package is built and this file can be included for the ROS Node.

11. Header is type of a message in ROS which is used for storing information like sequence number, timestamp and the frame id that the data is associated with.

12. Rosbag files are stored in the directory in which the terminal is open. Can be changed by using the argument -o <Absoloute Path Name> The directory structure should exit beforehand. To specify a specific filename use -O <Absolute Path Name + File Name>.

13. When recorded using the launch file the bag files are stored in the ~./ros folder. The path can be specified as above in the args param of the launch file.
